Have you ever asked yourself what is really the difference between an international convention and a special convention?
Are they both the same, but just with a different name?
No. There are actually some fundamental differences.
International conventions are usually scheduled every four or five years,
whereas special conventions are held yearly, as long as no international convention is scheduled.
Also, international conventions are generally held in large venues, with a minimum of 20,000 attendees.
Special conventions are often held in smaller size venues, usually including fewer than 12,000 on-site attendees,
although additional sites may be tied in as well.
There is a difference in the number of foreign delegates as well.
Twice as many foreign delegates are invited to attend international conventions, as compared to special conventions.
And international conventions also provide an opportunity for the branch to invite those in foreign service,
including our missionaries, to return home for a visit, using funds contributed by the worldwide brotherhood.